Java: new structure and sidebar (#18)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-java/foundation-models/openai/embedding.mdx

---
id: embedding
title: Embedding
hide_title: false
hide_table_of_contents: false
description: How to use the SAP AI SDK for Java to perform embedding tasks using OpenAI models deployed on SAP AI Core.
keywords:
  - sap
  - cloud
  - sdk
  - ai
---

## Introduction

> This guide demonstrates how to use the SAP AI SDK for Java to perform chat completion tasks using OpenAI models deployed on SAP AI Core.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide demonstrates how to use the SAP AI SDK for Java to perform embedding tasks using OpenAI models deployed on SAP AI Core.

```

:::warning
All classes under any of the `...model` packages are generated from an OpenAPI specification and marked as `@Beta`.
This means that these model classes are not guaranteed to be stable and may change with future releases.
They are safe to use, but may require updates even in minor releases.
:::

### New User Interface (v1.4.0)

> We're excited to introduce a new user interface for OpenAI chat completions starting with **version 1.4.0**. This update is designed to improve the SAP AI SDK by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce a new user interface for OpenAI embedding calls starting with **version 1.4.0**. This update is designed to improve the SAP AI SDK by:
```
